[AGM-2450] Update AG for Mac's icloud-private-relay.md (#698)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-mac/solving-problems/icloud-private-relay.md

> As a consequence, AdGuard can't work together with iCloud Private Relay and the Mail app privacy features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence, AdGuard can’t work together with iCloud Private Relay and the Mail app privacy features:
```

1. iCloud Private Relay is applied to connections at the library level — before they reach the socket level, where AdGuard operates.
2. iCloud Private Relay is implemented with HTTP/3 CONNECT proxies.
3. Since AdGuard does not filter CONNECT HTTP/3 requests yet, it attempts to downgrade HTTP/3 proxy connections to HTTP/1.1, which results in blocking iCloud Private Relay traffic.

> 4. When you use iCloud Private Relay and switch AdGuard into the "split-tunnel" mode, you can't open websites in Safari.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When you use iCloud Private Relay and switch AdGuard into the Split-Tunnel mode, you can’t open websites in Safari.
```

> 5. To work around this issue for Monterey, we apply the "default route" rule. When Private Relay sees that rule, it disables itself automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To work around this issue for Monterey, we apply the “default route” rule. When Private Relay sees that rule, it disables itself automatically.
```

So, AdGuard works seamlessly on Monterey, but iCloud Private Relay gets disabled.

> The `network.extension.monterey.force.split.tunnel` option restores the "Big Sur" behavior, but this option may break access to websites due to (3) and (4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `network.extension.monterey.force.split.tunnel` option restores the “Big Sur” behavior, but this option may break access to websites due to (3) and (4).
```
